I know this may be shocking,
there's actually more with rebase,
we can continue to rebase forever.
So this one won't be as long of a part,
it's not nearly as confusing, but
we're still rebasing, okay?
You can do a lot with rebase but I really
have only ever used it to squash commits.
I don't use it to edit commit messages or
to drop commits.
I don't think I've ever dropped
a commit in my lifetime.
It's an option, just put d in there and
it just drops it, but
I've never actually done it.
So there's a lot of options you just don't
have to use them all, I always use it for
squashing everything.
And so let's set up the repo with
three just quick sample commits
in the remote git.
At the end of the README and just say,
added one to the end of the line or
something along that line.
Whatever you wanna,
however you wanna do just three
quick one after another at the end.
So I'm just gonna go echo 1 to
the end of README git add this
git commit -m 1 to the end and
then do it with 2.
I can find myself wanting to write
a little bash script to do it for me, but
it's so small, but at the same time it
just feels so right to automate this 3.
Do you guys ever have some
sort of automation paralysis?
Or instead of doing the thing that was
three small commands sound I gotta write
a bash script for this.
I can't be spending time writing the same
thing three times, it's ridiculous.
Automation paralysis, real thing.
All right, so there we go.
So if I go git log, oneLine -4, you can
see one, two, three, then our A + 10.
Okay, cool.
We have these three new commits here.
And now what we're gonna do is we
are gonna use rebase interactive.
So how rebase interactive works, is that
you do a git rebase, you do an i and
then you add a commitish.
A commitish is a commit or
something like a